README.md, before:

# STOCK APP

![home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675179-c3813543-a61e-411c-8458-613764f34c1b.png)

It is home page. If you want to use this stock app.

![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675205-d713183e-d963-4e6c-ae22-e5b3ce95b28e.png)

You have to signup

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675215-2d9a0c43-d9d6-4f52-8c27-9f95f448d8a6.png)

then you can login and go to dashboard page.
Dashboard page protected by react-router-dom authorization. You can not go to dashboard page without an account.

![dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675358-8a255e58-3789-4449-b795-3828c7ba6833.png)

This is your dashboard page. Here you can look your cash balance, total worth, buyed stocks, logout button and there is a input to make a search for stocks. 

![list-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675404-d8ebe391-78c7-44d0-a7bd-85a6cff4d0d1.png)

When you make a search stocks is listed. If you click one of them buy stock modal will appear.

![buy-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675461-889cea61-65fa-49c7-915c-d6f44e9f8eac.png)

You can only buy stocks with an integer price and if you have money to buy that stock. You can see the buyed stocks on the dashboard page.

![stock-in-the-table](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676612-e3819c97-adf6-4c6d-8ec6-c23709823481.png)

Here you can see your stocks informatiton and their price. And if you checked one of them buy and sell stock button will be active.
You already know how to works buy stock modal. Lets look sell stock modal.

![sell-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676729-98019e4e-3392-400a-a75e-e3ba97e84e55.png)

You can sell the stocks in this modal.

There is a star in buy and sell stock modal.
![no-favorite-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676847-3afe08a4-82c4-4bdf-951e-d1f3ace4e427.png)
If you click it when it is white, it will add in your favorite stocks.
![yes-favorite-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676882-eb99fd84-a937-4bc3-803b-11980f78cc5b.png)
If you click it when it is yellow, it will remove from your favorite stocks.

![favorite-stock-list](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676936-a198f13f-86a5-477d-ae10-aaad941dc4c4.png)

And you can look your favorites stocks in favorite stocks page.

I hope you like my project. Have a good learn and enjoy.
--------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

responsive view and more description

README.md, after:

# STOCK APP

![home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675179-c3813543-a61e-411c-8458-613764f34c1b.png)

It is home page. If you want to use this stock app.

![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675205-d713183e-d963-4e6c-ae22-e5b3ce95b28e.png)

You have to signup

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675215-2d9a0c43-d9d6-4f52-8c27-9f95f448d8a6.png)

then you can login and go to dashboard page.
Dashboard page protected by react-router-dom authorization. You can not go to dashboard page without an account.

![dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675358-8a255e58-3789-4449-b795-3828c7ba6833.png)

This is your dashboard page. Here you can look your cash balance, total worth, buyed stocks, logout button and there is a input to make a search for stocks. 

![list-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675404-d8ebe391-78c7-44d0-a7bd-85a6cff4d0d1.png)

When you make a search stocks is listed. If you click one of them buy stock modal will appear.

![buy-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143675461-889cea61-65fa-49c7-915c-d6f44e9f8eac.png)

You can only buy stocks with an integer price and if you have money to buy that stock. You can see the buyed stocks on the dashboard page.

![stock-in-the-table](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676612-e3819c97-adf6-4c6d-8ec6-c23709823481.png)

Here you can see your stocks informatiton and their price. And if you checked one of them buy and sell stock button will be active.
And stocks prices are updated every two minutes and the last update time is written in the table. Also you can see your total stock amount and price.
You already know how to works buy stock modal. Lets look sell stock modal.

![sell-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676729-98019e4e-3392-400a-a75e-e3ba97e84e55.png)

You can sell the stocks in this modal.

There is a star in buy and sell stock modal.
![no-favorite-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676847-3afe08a4-82c4-4bdf-951e-d1f3ace4e427.png)
If you click it when it is white, it will add in your favorite stocks.
![yes-favorite-stock](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676882-eb99fd84-a937-4bc3-803b-11980f78cc5b.png)
If you click it when it is yellow, it will remove from your favorite stocks.

![favorite-stock-list](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143676936-a198f13f-86a5-477d-ae10-aaad941dc4c4.png)

And you can look your favorites stocks in favorite stocks page.

This is dashboard medium view

![md-view](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143677229-4756cf1b-e567-484e-9e42-7eb303efcdd8.png)

This is dashboard small view

![sm-view](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79708845/143677245-9004b44c-6308-41ac-83a1-5c3eba9de35c.png)

I hope you like my project. Have a good learn and enjoy.
--------------------------------------------------------
